---
title: TEST Student Debt - Navy Tuition Assistance Programs
url: https://www.navy.com/node/20291
date: '2026-05-01'
author: karina.mata@vmlyr.com
feed_url: https://navy.com/rss.xml
---
Navy Tuition Assistance Programs Getting your degree paid for has never been more in reach than with the Navy. When you serve as a Sailor, you can earn traditional scholarships, become an Officer and receive tuition assistance or even apply for programs to erase your student debt. There are countless options available for whatever path suits your goals best. TEST Financial Aid Programs These Navy financial aid programs help you earn your degree while covering the expenses of college or graduate programs. Think housing stipends, money for books or bills, and even a full-time paychecks that pay you to study. TEST Baccalaureate Degree Completion Program (BDCP) test - Baccalaureate Degree Completion Program (BDCP) Earn a full-time active-duty paycheck while you study the degree of your choosing at an accredited university. That’s money for books, bills and even housing, while you focus on your studies. You’ll commission as an Officer in an area related to your field of study upon graduation. Find out more about BDCP now . Nuclear Propulsion Officer Candidate Program (NUPOC) Getting your degree in a STEM field? Earn a substantial paycheck and housing bonus while you finish your degree at an accredited university. When you graduate, you’ll become part of the world’s top nuclear propulsion training program and prepare to become a Navy Nuclear Officer. Find out if NUPOC is right for you . Civil Engineer Collegiate Program (CECP) If you’re an aspiring architect or civil engineer, the Civil Engineer Collegiate Program helps you earn a paycheck and housing bonus while you earn your degree. There’s no service obligation while you’re still in school, and once you graduate you will commission as a Navy Civil Engineer Corps Officer The Navy Financial Assistance Program (FAP) Doctors and dentists who are in residency or fellowship programs can receive an annual grant of $45,000 and a monthly stipend of up to $2,300 for housing and expenses. You’ll serve as a Reserve Officer while you train and then active duty upon graduation from medical or dental school. Is the FAP right for you? Navy Health Professions Scholarship Program Plan to be a Doctor, Dentist, Optometrist, Physician Assistant or Clinical Psychologist? You can get your tuition and school fees covered for up to four years of professional school. That could be well over $300,000 during the course of a four-year program. Once you graduate, you’ll commission as a Medical Officer. Learn more about HPSP. test - Navy Nurse Candidate Program (NCP) If you’re an aspiring nurse earning your degree, you can get a generous monthly stipend while you study to help cover housing and expenses. Find out if the NCP is right for you . Health Professions Loan Repayment Program (HPLRP) Earn up to $40,000 per year in student loan repayment if you’re a new member of  the Medical Service Corps or an active duty Nurse. Find out more about the HPLRP . TMS
